[Music]
okay uh hi everyone so um I was given
the task of talking about agents in 2024
and this is an impossible task because
there are so many agents so many agents
in 2024 so this is going to be strongly
covered by like my personal experience
and what I think is interesting and
important but um I think it's an
important topic so let let's go ahead
so um the first thing I'd like to think
about is let's say I gave you uh you
know a highly competent human some tools
um let's say I give you a web browser
and a terminal or a file system and the
ability to edit uh text or code um what
could you do with
that everything yeah probably a lot of
things this is like 9 99% of my you know
daily uh daily life I guess uh when I'm
when I'm
working uh so I think this is a pretty
powerful tool set and what I am trying
to do and what I I think some other
people are trying to do is come up with
agents that are able to you know
manipulate these things web browsing
coding running code uh in successful
ways so there was a little bit about my
profile um I'm a professor at CMU Chief
scientist at all hands AI Building open
source coding agents
um I'm maintainer of Open Hands which is
an open source coding agent framework
and um I'm also a software developer and
uh I like uh doing lots of coding and
and you know shipping new features and
stuff like this so building agents at
help me to do this you know is kind of
an interesting thing very close to me um
so the first thing I'd like to do is I'd
like to try some things that I haven't
actually tried before uh if anybody has
you know tried to give a live demo you
know this is uh very very scary uh
whenever you do it and it might not work
so it might not work this time either um
but I want to show you like three things
that I typically do with coding agents
in my everyday work I use coding agents
maybe five to 10 times a day uh to help
me solve my own uh problems and so this
is the first one this is a data science
task which says uh I want to create
Scatter Plots that show the increase of
the S bench score over time um and so I
I wrote a kind of concrete prompt about
this agents work better with like
somewhat concrete
prompts and I'm going to throw this into
Open
Hands um and let it
work and I'll I'll go back to that in a
second um another thing that I do is I
create new
software um and
I I've been using a service uh a
particular service I won't name it uh
for sending emails and I'm not very
happy with it so I want to switch over
to this new service called res.com which
makes it easier to send emails and so
I'm going to ask it to read the docs for
the res.com API and come up with a
script that allows me to send emails the
input to the script should be a CSV file
and uh the subject ody should be
provided in Ginger 2
templates so um I'll start another
agent and um and try to get it to do
that for
me and let's go with the last one the
last one I I do is improving existing
software
and uh in order you know once you write
software you usually don't throw it away
you go in and like actually improve it
iteratively um this software that I have
is uh something I created without
writing any code um it's basically
software to monitor how much our um our
agents are contributing to the Open
Hands
repository and on
the let me make that a little bit
bigger on the left side I have the
number of issues where it like sent a
poll
request
um I have the number of issues where it
like sent a poll request whether it was
merged in purple closed in red or um is
still open in green and so these are um
like you know it's helping us monitor
but one thing it doesn't tell me is the
total number and I kind of want that
feature added to this uh software so I'm
going to uh try to add that too so um
I'll take
this I'll take this
prompt and here um
I I want to open up specifically that
GitHub repo so I'll open up that repo
and paste in the prompt asking it I
asked it to make a pie chart for each of
these and give me the total over the
entire time period that I'm monitoring
so um we'll do that and so now I have um
let's see I have some agents oh this one
already
finished let's
see so this one already finished um you
can see it it finished analyzing the
sbench
repository it wrote um a demonstration
of yeah I'm I'm trying to do that now
actually it wrote a demonstration of um
how much each of the systems have
improved over time and I asked it to
label the top three uh for each of the
data sets and so it labeled open hands
as being the best one for sbench normal
um for sbench verified it has like the
Amazon Q agent in open hands for the
sweet bench light it has um uh three
here uh over um three over here so you
can see like that's pretty useful right
if you're a researcher you do data
analysis all the time I did it while I
was talking to all of you and making a
presentation so that's that's pretty
nice um I I doubt the other two are
finished yet that would be impressive if
yes so I think they're still working so
maybe we'll get back to them at the end
of the presentation but um so these are
kinds of the these are the kinds of
things that I do every day with coding
agents now um and it's uh Earth software
development agents it's pretty
impressive um the next thing I'd like to
talk about a little bit is things I
worry about when designing agents so
we're designing agents to you know do a
very difficult task of like navigating
websites um writing code other things
like this and within 2024 there's been
like huge Improvement in the methodology
that we use to do this um but there's a
bunch of things we think about there's a
bunch of interesting papers and I'd like
to introduce a few of
them so the first thing I worry about is
um the agent computer interface like how
do we get an agent to interact with
computers and um how do we provide
agents with the tools to do the job and
within Open Hands um we are doing the
thing on the right but there's also a
lot of uh agents that do the thing on
the left so the thing on the left is you
give like agents kind of granular tools
you give them tools like um or let's say
your instruction is I want to determine
the most cost-effective country to
purchase the smartphone model Coda one
the countries to consider are the USA
Japan Germany and India and you have a
bunch of available apis and so what you
do for some agents is you provide them
all of these tools uh apis as tools that
they can
call and so in this particular case um
in order to solve this problem you'd
have to make about like 30 tool calls
right you'd have to call look up rates
for um Germany you'd have to look it up
for the US Japan and India that's four
tool goals and then you go through and
do all of these things um separately and
the method that we adopt in Open Hands
instead is we provide these tools but we
provide them by just giving a coding
agent the ability to call arbitrary
python code um and in the arbitrary
python code it can call these tools we
expose these tools as apis that the
model can call and what that allows us
to do is instead of writing 20 tool
calls making 20 llm calls you write a
program that runs all of these all at
once and it gets the result and of
course it can execute that program it
can you know make a mistake it can get
errors back and and fix things um but
that makes our job a lot easier and this
has been really like instrumental to Our
Success I think
um another part of this is what tools
does the agent need and I I think this
depends on your use case we're kind of
extreme um and we're only giving the
agent five tools um or maybe six tools
and what what are they uh the first one
is program execution so it can execute
bash programs and it can execute uh
Jupiter notebooks it can execute cells
in Jupiter notebooks um so that those
are two tools
um another one is a file editing tool um
and the file editing tool allows you to
browse parts of files um and uh kind of
read them overwrite them other stuff
like this and then we have another
Global search and replace tool so it's
actually two tools for file editing and
then a final one is web browsing web
browsing I'm kind of cheating when I
call it only one tool you actually have
like scroll and text input and in Click
and other stuff like that but um these
are basically the only things we allow
the agent to do
um what then the question is like what
if we want it to allow it to do
something else um and the answer is well
you know human programmers already have
a bunch of things that they use they
have the requests ppie Library they have
um the PDF to text pipy Library they
have like all these other libraries in
the python ecosystem that they can use
and so if we provide a coding agent with
all these libraries it can do things
like data visualization and other stuff
that I just showed you so um it can also
get clone repositories and and other
things like this um the agents are super
good at using the GitHub API also so
they can do you know things on GitHub
like finding all of the you know
comments on your issues or checking
GitHub actions and
stuff um the second thing I think about
is the human agent interface so this is
like how do we get humans to interact
with agents um I already showed you one
variety of our human agent interface
it's basically a chat window where you
can browse through agents results and
things like this um this is very very
difficult um I I don't think anybody has
a good answer to this and I don't think
we have a good answer to this but um the
the guiding principles that I'm trying
to follow are we want to present enough
info to the user so we want to uh
present them with you know what the
agent is uh doing in the form of a kind
of English description so you can see
here um
you can see here every time it takes an
action it says like I will help you
create a script for sending
emails um when it runs A bash command um
sorry that's a little small when it runs
A bash command it will um say ran a bash
command it won't actually show you the
whole bash command or the whole Jupiter
notebook because it can be really large
but you can open it up and see um if you
want to by clicking on this so like um
if you want to explore more you can
click over to the jupyter notebook and
and see what's displayed in the Jupiter
notebook and you get like lots and lots
of information um so that's one
thing
um another thing is go where the user is
so like if the user's already
interacting in a particular setting uh
then I'd like to you know integrate into
that setting but only to a point um so
at Open Hands we have a chat UI for
interaction we have a GitHub plugin for
tagging and resolving issues so
basically what you do is you um do at
open hands agent and the Open Hands
agent will like see that comment and be
able to go in and fix things so if you
say at Open Hands agent uh tests are
failing on this PR please fix the tests
it will go in and fix the test for you
and stuff like this um another thing we
have is a remote uh runtime for
launching headless jobs so if you want
to launch like a fleet of agents to
solve you know uh five different
problems at once you can also do that
through an API so we have um we have
these
interfaces and this probably depends on
the use case so like depending if you're
a coding agent you want to do things one
way if you're a like Insurance auditing
agent you'll want to do things other
ways
obviously um another thing I think about
a lot is choosing a language model um
and for agentic LMS uh we have to have a
bunch of things work really well um the
first thing is really really good
instruction followup following ability
and if you have really good instruction
following ability it opens up like a ton
of possible applications for you um tool
use and coding abilities so if you
provide tools it needs to be able to use
them
well environment understanding so um it
needs like if you're building a web
agent it needs to be able to understand
web pages either through uh Vision or
through
text um and error awareness and Recovery
ability so if it makes a mistake it
needs to be able to you know figure out
why it made a mistake come up with
alternative strategies and other things
like
this
um under the hood in all of the demos
that I did now um Claude we're using
Claude um Claude has all of these
abilities uh very good not perfect but
very good um most others don't have
these abilities quite as much so like
GPD 40 doesn't have very good uh Air
recovery ability and so because of this
it will go into loops and do the same
thing over and over and over again
whereas Claude does not do this um Claud
if you if you use the agents enough you
get used to their kind of like
personality and Claude says H let me try
a different approach uh a lot so you
know obviously it's been trained in some
way to you know elicit this
ability um we did an evaluation this is
old um and we need to update this
basically but um we evaluated Claud GPD
401 mini um llama 405b deep seek 2.5 on
being a good code agent within our
framework and Claude was kind of Head
and Shoulders Above the Rest um GPD 40
was kind of okay the best open source
model was llama 3.1 405b um this needs
to be updated because this is like a few
months old by now and you know things
are moving really really fast but I
still am under the impression that CLA
is the best the other closed models are
you know not quite as good and then uh
the open models are a little bit behind
that gr I we haven't tried gr at all
actually so it's a good question if you
want to try it um I'd be happy to help
yeah cool another thing is planning um
and so there's a few considerations for
planning um the first one is whether you
have a curated plan or you have it
generated on the Fly and
so for solving GitHub issues you can
kind of have uh an over all plan like
the plan is um first reproduce if
there's an issue first write tests to
reproduce the issue or to demonstrate
the issue after that run the tests and
make sure they fail then go in and fix
the tests run the test again to make
sure they pass and then you're done so
that's like a pretty good workflow for
like solving uh coding issues and you
could curate that ahead of time um
another option is to let the language
model basically generate its own plan
um and both of these are are perfectly
valid um another one is explicit
structure versus implicit structure so
let's say you generate a plan um if you
have explicit structure you could like
write a multi-agent system and the
multi-agent system would have your uh
reproducer agent and then it would have
your um your bug uh your test writer
agent and your bug fixer agent and uh
lots of different agents and you would
explicitly write this all out and code
and then uh then use it that way on the
other hand you could just provide a
prompt that says please do all of these
things in
order um so in Open Hands we do very
light planning um we have a single
prompt we don't have any multi-agent
systems um but we do provide like
instructions about like what to do first
what to do next and other things like
this um I'm not against uh doing it the
other way but I laid out some uh kind of
justification for this in this blog
called don't sleep on single agent
systems and the basic idea behind this
is if you have a really really good
instruction following agent um it will
follow the instructions as long as
things are working according to your
plan but let's say you need to deviate
from your plan you still have the
flexibility to do this and if you do
explicit structure through a multi-agent
system it becomes a lot harder to do
that like you get stuck um when things
deviate from your
plan um there's also uh some other
examples and I wanted to introduce a few
papers uh so one paper I liked recently
is this paper called coact um where you
generate plans and then go in and fix
them um and so the basic idea is like if
you need to deviate from your plan you
can uh you know figure out that your
plan was not working and go back and
deviate from
it another thing I think about a lot is
specifying common workflows so we're
trying to tackle uh software development
and I already show like three use cases
where um we do software development and
uh when
we do software development we do a ton
of different things but we do them over
and over and over again so just think of
an example um we fix GitHub actions when
GitHub actions are failing and we do
that over and over and over again that's
not the number one thing that software
Engineers do but it's a you know high up
on the list so how can we get a list of
all of like the workflows that people
are are working on and there's a few
research works that people have done in
this direction um one example is manual
promptings so there's this nice paper
called Step that got state-ofthe-art on
the web Arena web navigation Benchmark
where they came up with a bunch of
manual workflows for solving different
web navigation tasks and we also have a
paper recently called Agent workflow
memory where the bit basic idea behind
this is we want to create self-improving
agents that learn from the past their
past successes
and the way it works is we have a memory
that has an example of lots of the
previous workflows that people have used
and every time the agent finishes a task
and itself judges that it did a good job
at that task you take that task you
break it down into individual workflows
included in that and then you put it
back in the prompts for the agent to
work next time and this um we
demonstrated that this leads to um a
22.5% increase on web Arina um after uh
40 examples so that's a pretty you know
huge increase by kind of self-learning
and
self-improvement another thing is
exploration
um
oops and uh one thing I think about is
like how can agents learn more about
their environment before acting and I
work on coding and web agents and
there's you know a few good examples of
this in in both areas um within coding I
view this as like repository
understanding understanding the code
base that you're dealing with and
there's an example of this or a couple
examples of this one example being agent
lists where they basically create a map
of the repo and based on the map of the
repo they feed that into the agent so
the agent can then navigate the repo and
uh and better know where things
are and for web agents uh there's an
example of a paper called bagel and
basically what they do is they have the
agent um just do random tasks on a
website explore the website better
understand the structure of the website
and then after that they um they feed
that in as a part of the
product um part seven is
search um right now in Open Hands we
just let the agent go on a linear search
path so it's just solving the problem
once um we're using a good agent that
can kind of like recover from errors and
try alternative things when things are
not working properly but still we only
have a linear search path but there's
also um some nice work in 2024 um that
is about exploring multiple paths so one
example of this is there's a paper
called Tre search for language agents
and they basically expand multiple paths
um check whether the paths are going
well and if they aren't going well you
rewind back um and on the web this is
kind of tricky because like how do you
rewind when you accidentally ordered
something you don't want on Amazon it's
kind of you know not not the easiest
thing to do for code it's a little bit
easier because you can just revert any
changes that you made um but I I think
that's an interesting topic
too and then finally evaluation um So
within our development for evaluation we
want to do um a number of things the
first one's fast sanity checks um and in
order to do this we want things we can
run really fast really uh really cheaply
so um for web we have something called
Mini World of bits which is basically
these trivial um kind of uh web
navigation things um we have something
called the ader code editing Benchmark
where it's just about editing uh
individual files that we
use um but we also want highly realistic
evaluation so for the web we have
something called Web Arena that we
created at CMU this is web navigation on
real um real open- Source websites so
it's open source websites that are
actually used to serve
um shops or uh like bulletin boards or
other things like this um and for code
we use sbench which um I think a lot of
people may have heard of it's basically
a coding Benchmark that comes from Real
World PLL requests on GitHub so if you
can solve those you can also probably
solve other Real World Poll
requests um I I would say we still don't
have benchmarks for the F full
versatility of Agents so for example um
we don't have benchmarks that test
whether agents can code and do web
navigation um but we're working on that
and hoping to release something in the
next week or two uh so uh if that sounds
interesting to you come talk to me and
uh I I will tell you more about
it cool um so I don't like making
predictions but um I I was told that I
should be somewhat controversial I guess
so I will I will try to do it uh try to
do it anyway although maybe none of
these will be very controversial um uh
the first thing is Agent oriented llms
uh like large language models for agents
um my my prediction is every large LM
trainer will be focusing on training
models as agents so every large language
model will be a better agent model uh by
mid
uh competition will increase prices will
go down smaller models will become
competitive as agents so right now
actually agents are somewhat expensive
to run in some cases but I expect that
that won't last 6 months I I bet we'll
have much better agent models in 6
months um another thing is instruction
following abilities specifically in
agentic contexts will increase and what
that means is we'll have to do
less manual engineering of agentic
workflows and be able to do more by just
prompting agents in more complex ways um
clad is already really good at this it's
not perfect but it's already really
really good and I expect the other
models will catch up to Cloud pretty
soon um air correction ability will
increase less getting stuck in Loops
again this is something that claude's
already pretty good at um and I expect
the others will will
follow agent benchmarks um agent
benchmarks will start saturating so
right now we have a web
Arina um and S bench um I think web
arena is already too easy um it it is
it's not super easy but it's already a
bit too easy because the tasks we do and
there are ones that take like two
minutes for a a human so uh not not too
hard um and kind of historically in 2023
um our benchmarks were too easy so we
built harder benchmarks like web Arina
and S bench were both built in
2023 in 2024 our agents were too bad so
we built agents um and now we're
building better agents um in 2025 our
benchmarks will be too easy so we'll
build better benchmarks I'm I'm guessing
so I would expect to see much more
challenging uh agent benchmarks come out
and we're already seeing some of them in
2026 I don't know I I didn't write AGI
but uh we'll we'll we'll see
um then the human agent computer
interface um I think one thing that
we'll want to think about is what do we
do at 75% success rate at things that we
like actually care about um right now we
have
53% or 55% on sbench verified which is
real world GitHub PRS um my impression
is that the
actual actual ability of models is maybe
closer to 30 to
40% so 30 to 40% of the things that I
want an agent to solve on my own repos
soles uh without any human intervention
uh 80 to 90% it can solve without me
opening an IDE but I need to give it
feedback um so how do we how do we make
that interaction smooth so that humans
can audit the work of agents that are
really really good but not perfect um is
going to be a big
challenge um how can we expose the power
of programming agents to other
Industries So like um as programmers I
think not all of us are using agents
every day in our our programming
although we probably will be um in uh in
months or maybe a year um but I I think
it will come very naturally to us as
programmers because we know code we know
you know like how to architect software
and stuff like that so I I think
um the question is how do we put this in
the hands of like a lawyer or a chemist
or somebody else and have them also be
able to you know interact with it as
naturally as we
can another interesting thing is how can
we redesign our existing systems for
agents so we had a paper on API based
web agents and basically what we showed
is if you take a web agent and the agent
interacts not with a website but with
apis the accuracy goes way up just
because apis are way easier to interact
with and in fact like um when I ask
the what our agent our agent is able to
browse websites but whenever I want it
to interact with GitHub by tell it do
not browse the GitHub website use the
GitHub API because it's way more
successful at doing that so maybe you
know every website is going to need to
have an API because we're going to be
having agents interact with
them um about progress I think progress
will get faster um it's already fast a
lot of people are already overwhelmed
but I I think it will continue um the
reason why is agents are building agents
um and better agents will build better
agents faster so um I expect that um you
know if you haven't interacted with a
coding agent yet it's pretty magical
like the stuff that it can do um so uh
yeah and I have a call to action um I'm
honestly like I've been working on you
know natural language processing and
language models for what 15 years now
and even for me it's pretty impressive
what like AI agents powered by language
models can do um on the other hand I
believe that we should really make these
powerful tools accessible um and what I
mean by this is I don't think like you
know we we should have these be opaque
or limited to only a set of certain set
of people um I feel like they should be
affordable uh they shouldn't be
increasing the you know difference in
the amount of power that people have if
anything I'd really like them to kind of
uh make it possible for people who
weren't able to do things before to be
able to do them well um open source is
one way to do that uh that's why I'm
working on open source uh there are
other ways to do that you know make
things cheap make things uh you know so
you can serve them to people who aren't
able to afford them easily like dual
lingo is one example where they get all
the people in the US to pay them $20 a
month uh so that they can give all the
people in South America free you know
language education so they can learn
English and become you know uh like and
become more attractive on the job market
for instance and so I I think we can all
think of uh ways that we can do that
sort of thing um and if that resonates
with you please contribute of course I'd
be happy if you contribute to open hands
and use it uh but um another way you can
do that is just use open source
Solutions contribute to them research
with them and train strong open source
models so I see you know some people in
the room who are already training models
it'd be great if you could train models
for uh coding agents and make them cheap
and yeah uh yeah please uh I I was
thinking about you so among others so
cool yeah that's all I have
thanks slight slightly controversial
pick is probably the nicest way to say
hot
tick um any hot ticks questions actual
hot ticks
oh I can also show the other agents that
were working if anybody's interested but
yeah sorry go ahead yeah I have a couple
of questions um so they're they're kind
of paired maybe uh the first thing is
that you said that you're estimating
that you're um your agent is
successfully resolving like something
like 30 to 40% of your issues but that's
like below what you saw on S bench so I
guess I'm wondering where that
discrepancy is coming from and then I
guess my other SE question which is
maybe broader in scope is that like if
if you think of an agent as like a
junior developer and I say go do
something then I expect maybe tomorrow
to get a slack message being like hey I
ran into this issue how can I resolve it
um and and like you said your agent is
like successfully solving like 90% of
issues where you give it direct feedback
so are you thinking about how to get the
agent to reach out to like for for
planning when it's when it's stuck or
something like that or like identify
when it runs into a hole like
that yeah so great these are great
questions oh sorry the third question
which was a said this is the first two
and if so are you going to add a
benchmark for that second question okay
great yeah great questions okay so the
first question was um why do I think
it's resolving less than 50% of the
issues on S bench so first um sbench is
on popular open source repos and all of
these popular open source repos were
included in the training data for all of
the language models um and so the
language models already know these repos
in some cases the language models
already know the individual issues in
Swatch so basically like some of the
training data has leaked um and so it it
definitely will overestimate with
respect to that I don't think it's like
horribly horribly off um but I think you
know it's boosting the accuracy by a
little bit so maybe that's the biggest
reason why um in terms of
asking for help and whether we're
benchmarking asking for help um yes uh
we are so um one uh one thing we're
working on now which we're hoping to put
out soon is we uh we basically made
super big sbench issues like I'm having
a I'm having a problem with the Matrix
multiply please
help because these are like if anybody's
run a popular open source like
framework these are what half your
issues are you're like users show up and
say like my screen doesn't work what
what's wrong or something and so then
you need to ask them questions and how
to reproduce so um yeah we we're we're
working on that I I think it my
impression is that agents are not very
good at asking for help even Claud um so
like when when they ask for help they'll
ask for help when they don't need it and
then won't ask for help when they do
need it so this is definitely like an
issue I think
thanks for the great talk I also have
two questions it's first one uh can you
talk a bit more about how the web agent
interacts with uh websites so is there a
VM that looks at the web page layout and
then you parse the HTML and select which
buttons to click on and if so um do you
think there's a future where there's
like so I work at being Microsoft the do
think there's a future where um they're
the same web index but there's an agent
friendly web index where all the
processing is done offline so that you
don't need to spend time um cleaning up
like cleaning up the and fig figuring
out what to click online um and any
thoughts on thoughts on that yeah so
great question
um there's a lot of work on web agents I
didn't go into like all of the details
but I think
there's three main ways that agents
interact with websites the first way is
the the simplest way and the newest way
but it doesn't work very well which is
you take a um a screenshot of the
website and then you click on a
particular pixel value um on the website
and like models are not very good at
that at the moment like they'll misclick
there was this thing about how like claw
computer use started uh like looking at
pictures of Yellowstone National Park um
or something like this I don't know if
you heard about this uh anecdote but um
like people were like oh it's so human
it's looking for vacation and I was like
no probably just misclicked on the wrong
pixels and accidentally clicked on an ad
um so like this is the simplest way the
second simplest way is uh you take the
HTML and you basically identify elements
in the HTML um you don't use any Vision
whatsoever um and then you say okay I
want to click on this element I want to
enter text in this element or something
like that but HTML is too huge so
actually it usually gets condensed down
into something called an accessibility
tree which was made for screen readers
for visually impaired people
and um so that's another way and then
the Third Way is kind of a hybrid where
you present the screenshot but you also
present like a a textual summary of the
output and that's the one that I think
will probably work best um what we're
using is we're just using text at the
moment and that's just an implementation
issue that we haven't implemented the uh
visual stuff yet but that's kind of like
we're working on it now um another thing
that I should point out is we actually
have two modalities for web browsing
very recently we implemented this and
the reason why is because if you want to
interact with full websites um you will
need to click on all of the elements or
have the ability to click on all of the
elements but most of our work that we
need websites for is just web browsing
and like gathering information so we
have another modality where we convert
all of it to markdown because it's like
way more concise and easier for the
agent to deal with um and then can we
create an index specifically for agents
maybe a markdown index or something like
that would be you know would makes
sense oh how would I make a successor to
S bench so
um I mean a first thing is there's like
live codebench which live codebench is
basically continuously updating to make
sure it doesn't leak into language model
training data that's easy to do for swe
bench because it comes from real
websites and those real websites are
getting new issues all the time so you
could just do it on the same uh
benchmarks that they have there
um there's also like a pretty large
number of things covering various coding
tasks so like for example s bunch is
mainly fixing issues but there's also
like
documentation there's um generating
tests that actually test the
functionality that you want um and there
uh there was a paper by a student at CMU
on generating tests and stuff like that
so I feel like um sbench is one piece of
the puzzle but you could also have like
10 different other tasks and then you
could have like a composite Benchmark
where you test all of these abilities
not just uh that particular one um lot
lots lots of other things too but
yeah question from across use your mic
it would
help yeah great talk thank you uh my
question is about your um experience
designing in agent architectures uh
specifically how much do you have to
separate concerns in terms of um task
specific agents versus having one agent
to do three or five things with a
gigantic prompt with conditional paths
and so on yeah so that's a great
question so we have a basic coding and
browsing agent
um and I won't say basic like it's a
good you know it's a good Agent but it
does coding and browsing um it has
instructions about how to do coding and
browsing um that is enough for most
things
um especially given a strong language
model that has a lot of background
knowledge about how to solve different
types of tasks and how to use different
apis and stuff like that um we do have a
mechanism for something called
microagents and microagents are
basically something that gets added to
the prompt when a trigger is triggered
right now it's very very rudimentary
it's like um if you fi detect the word
GitHub anywhere you get instructions
about how to interact with GitHub like
use the API and don't browse um
also uh another one that I just added is
for npm the like JavaScript package
manager and npm when it runs and it hits
a failure it um like hits uh an
interactive terminals where it says
would you like to quit enter yes and if
that does it it like stalls our agent
for the timeout until like two minutes
so like I eded a new micro agent
whenever it started using npm it would
uh like get instructions about how to
not use interactive terminal and stuff
like that so that's our current solution
um honestly I like it a lot it's simple
it's easy to maintain it works really
well and stuff like that but I think
there is a world where you would want
something more complex than that go
thank
you I got a question about
mCP um I feel like uh this is the
anthropic model context protocol um it
seems like the most successful type of
this like standardization of
interactions between computers and AG
um are you guys adopting it um is there
any other competing
standard anything anything flawed about
it yeah I think the an so the anthropic
um mCP is like a way it's essentially a
collection of apis that you can use to
interact with different things on the
internet I I think it's not a bad idea
but it it's like there's a few few
things that bug me a little bit about it
it's like we already have an API for
GitHub so why do we need an mCP for
GitHub right you know like GitHub has an
API the GitHub API is
evolving um we can look up the GitHub
API documentation so uh it seems like
kind of duplicated a little bit and also
they have a a setting where it's like
you have to spin up a server to serve
your GitHub stuff and you have to spin
up a server to serve your like you know
other stuff and so I think it makes it
makes sense if you really care about
like separation of concerns and security
and like um other things like this but
right now we haven't seen we haven't
seen that to have a lot more value than
interacting directly with the tools that
are already provided and that kind of
goes into my general philosophy which is
we're already developing things for
programmers you
know how is an agent different than from
a programmer um and it is different
obviously you know like agents are
different from programmers but they're
not that different at this point so we
can kind of interact with the interfaces
we create for for programmers so yeah I
might change my mind later though so
we'll
see yeah hi thanks um very interesting
talk uh you were saying that the agents
you have right now solve like maybe 30%
of your your issues out of the gate
um I'm curious of the things that it
doesn't do is there like a a pattern
that you observe of like oh like these
are the sorts of things that it just
seems to really struggle with or is it
just seemingly
random um it's definitely not random
it's like if you think it's more complex
than it's like just intuitively it's
more likely to
fail
um I've gotten a bit better at prompting
also so like just to give an
example um
it it will sometimes fail to fix a
GitHub workflow because it will not look
at the GitHub workflow and understand
what the GitHub workflow is doing before
it solves the problem so I I think
actually probably the biggest thing that
it fails at is um or that our our agent
plus Claude fails at is insufficient
information gathering before trying to
solve the task and so if you provide all
if you provide instruction
that it should do information gathering
beforehand it tends to do well if you
don't provide sufficient instructions it
will try to solve the task without like
fully understanding the task first and
then fail and then you need to go back
and give uh you know additional feedback
um another example like I I love this
example while I was developing the um
the monitor uh website that I I showed
here we had a really tricky bug where it
was writing out a cache file to a
different directory than it was reading
the C file from and I had no idea I had
no idea what was going on I I thought
the bug was in a different part of the
code but what I asked it to do was um
come up with five possible reasons why
this could be failing in decreasing
order of likelihood and examine all of
them and that worked and it could just
go in and like do that so like um I
think a certain level of like
scaffolding about like how it should
sufficiently gather all the information
that's necessary in order to Sol the
task is like if that's missing then
that's probably the biggest failure
point at the
moment
thanks
yeah I'm just I'm just using this as a
chance to ask you all my questions uh
you had a you a slide on here about like
self-improving agents or something like
that with memory um it's like a really
throwaway slide for like a super
powerful idea uh it got me thinking
about how I would do it I have no idea
how um so I just wanted you to China
thought more on
this yeah self self-improving so I think
the biggest
reason like the the simplest possible
way to create a self-improving agent is
to have a really really strong language
model that with infinite context and it
can just go back and look at like all of
its past experiences and you know learn
from them um you might also want to
remove the bad stuff just so it doesn't
over index on its like failed past
experiences
um but the problem is a really powerful
language bottle is large infinite
context is expensive we don't have a
good way to index into it because like
rag at least in my experience rag from
language to code doesn't work super well
so I think in the end it's like that's
the way I would like to solve this
problem I'd like to have an infinite
context and somehow be able to index
into it appropriately um and I think
that would mostly solve it um another
thing you can do is fine tuning so so I
I think like rag is one way to get
information into your model find tuning
is another way to get information into
your models so um that might be another
way of continuously improving like you
identify when you did a good job and
then just add all of the good examples
into your model yeah so you know how
like Voyager um tries to write code into
a skill library and then reuses a skill
library right so it improves in the
sense that it just builds up the skill
Library over time yep um one thing I was
like thinking about uh and and there's
this idea of from from Devin your your
arch nemesis uh uh of playbooks I don't
know if you've seen them yeah I mean
we're calling them workflows but they're
similar yeah so like basically like you
should like once a workflow works you
kind of like persist them as a skill
Library y right like um I feel like that
there's a that's like some in between
like you said you know it's hard to do
rag between language and code but I feel
like that is rag for uh like I've done
this before last time I did it this this
worked so I'm just going to shortcut all
the the stuff that uh that failed before
yeah I totally I think it's possible
it's just you know not not trivial at
the same okay yeah I'll explain the two
curves so basically the base the
Baseline is just an agent that does it
from scratch every time and uh this
curve up here is Agent workflow memory
where um it's like adding the successful
experiences back into the prompt um why
is this improving um the reason why is
because just um it failed on the first
few examples and for the average to
catch up uh it it took a little bit of
time so it's not like this is actually
improving it you could just basically
view the um this one is constant and
then this one is like improving like
this basically you can see it's it it's
continuing to go up
yeah um how do you think we're going to
solve the authentication problem for
agents right now um when you say
authentication you mean like credentials
like yeah yeah because I've seen a few
like startup Solutions today but it
seems like it's limited to the amount of
like like websites or actual like
authentication methods that it's it's
capable of performing today yeah great
question um
so my preferred solution to this at the
moment is GitHub like fine grained
authentication tokens and GitHub F grain
authentication tokens allow you to
specify like very on a very granular
basis um on this repo you have
permission to do this on this repo you
have permission to do this um you also
can prevent people from pushing to the
main branch unless they get approved um
you can do all of these other things and
I think these were all developed for
human developers or like the branch
protection rules were developed for
human developers the fine gred
authentication tokens were developed for
GitHub apps um I I
think for GitHub maybe just pushing this
like a little bit more is the way to do
this for other things they're totally
not prepared to give that sort of fine
grain control like most apis don't have
something like a fine grain
authentication token and that goes into
my like comment that we're going to need
to prepare the world for agents I think
um but I think like the GitHub
authentication tokens are like a good
template for how you could start doing
that maybe but yeah I don't I don't know
I don't have an answer yeah I'll let you
know if I find one okay yeah thank
you cool um I'm I'm going to finish up
let let me just see
okay so this one um this one did write a
script I'm not going to actually read it
for you and then the other one let's
see yeah so it sent a PR sorry what is
what is the pr
URL so I don't I don't know if this uh
sorry that's taking way longer than it
should
okay
cool yeah so this one sent a PR I'll
tell you later if this uh actually like
uh
successfully oh no it's deployed on
forell so I can actually show you but
let's let me try this real quick sorry I
I know I don't have
time uh
yeah there you go I have pie charts now
so
yeah it's so fun it's so fun to play
with these things because you could just
do that while I'm giving a you know talk
things like that so yeah thanks
[Music]